DataDraw is a database generator.  It takes a database description file and creates C code that
links the database directly into your C program.  There have been 3 major rewrites of DataDraw.

The original, version 1.0, was written by me, Bill Cox, in 1992.  I placed it into the copy-left
domain at that time.  It allowed a single-page schema to be drawn in Windows, and the database was
generated from that.

After that, QuickLogic put time into developing version 2.0, which inherited my copy-left.
Version 2.0 has been used since about 1993, and is stable, mature, and quite useful.  It supports
many features, such as multiple schemas per tool, and multiple tools, and dynamic class extension.
However, it's showing it's age, and most of the open-source community seems to want command-line
driven tools, rather than a graphical front-end.

I wrote version 3.0 in 2006, starting with code from version 2.0.  Version 3.0 inherits it's
copy-left from version 2.0.  All three versions are copyrighted under the GNU Library General Public
License.  You should have received a copy, and if not, you can find it on fsf.org.

Version 3.0 is modern, feature-rich, and well documented.  I hope you find it useful for your
project.  The manual is in datadraw3.0/manual.odt, which is "Open Document Format", compatible
with multiple editors, just none currently from Microsoft.  I wrote it using OpenOffice, which I
highly recommend.  Installation and usage instructions are in the manual.

Linux Installation
------------------

If you just want to compile it now, before reading the manual, just type this:

    $ cd datadraw3.X.X
    $ ./configure
    $ make
    $ su
    $ make install
    $ exit

This should install a "datadraw" executable, which you can use on database description files
(ending in ".dd").  The following will generate the C database:

    $ cd src
    $ datadraw dvdatabase.dd

The output files are dvdatabase.c and dvdatabase.h, which you can check out.  I recommend taking
some Advil before reading the generating code.  The manual is where I recommend you start.

Debian Installation
-------------------

Thanks to Aes, we now have Debian scripts to build proper Debian .pkg files for DataDraw3.0.  You
can build a Debian package with "make deb", which will create the package in the directory
containing datadraw3.0.  These packages are also available at
http://sourceforge.net/projects/datadraw, where you can download and install them directly.

Windows Installation
--------------------

You should find a datadraw_windows directory in the tar-ball.  This contains Visual C++ 6.0
project files.  In addition, there is a Bakefile directory which can be used with the
bakefile-tool (http://bakefile.sourceforge.net) to build project files for Visual C++ as well as
others.  Thanks to Questor for the port!
